# SWE250-Android-Project

Introducing “Reach” - Hire as You Desire. Need to get an electric appliance fixed? Want an odd job done or are willing to do any job? We've got you covered. All you have to do is reach out to “Reach”. Reach envisions a world in which individuals are able to explore their innate household and handyman skills, thereby eradicating classism. Our app, "Reach," intends to provide a virtual platform that connects people who are willing to provide odd-job or handyman assignments with others who are willing to accept them as part-time, full-time, or even contract work. Unique to our platform is the fact that we enable people to hire others for customized odd jobs, i.e., jobs that typically lack a label. First and foremost, since we allow people to discover their innate household or handyman skills, it would be a tremendous opportunity for people to constantly assign themselves to full-time, part-time, or contractual odd-jobs/handyman jobs through which they can earn some extra cash, regardless of their age, size, gender, educational background, experience, or skill set. As we provide positions that may require little to no experience (e.g., line-standers, workout assistants, etc.), anyone with a willingness to work can join. For instance, you enjoy gardening but require assistance with that task. So, you can post on our app in the customized odd-jobs section what you want one of our employees to perform for you. Whoever is willing to complete the task will react. Based on their profiles, you can choose any of the respondents who appeal to your preferences. 
